hey everyone this is david with pauses
woodworking today i'm going to show you
how to cut some strips into a slant and
with that have a jig set up it's just
something real simple and this piece
here will ride along my fence and i'll
take this piece here set it along inside
of my jig and i have a screw set right
here so it kind of kicks it off at an
angle and i will run this on my table
saw to cut that slant there there's
quite a few pieces to this table that
I'm building it's kind of kind of has a
sunburst shape to it and I'll do this
side then I'll extend this screw out and
do the other side
alright I'm back um finished cutting all
these pieces which will be added to my
table and my next step is this little
inlay right here it's Holly so I'm what
I'm going to do is cut a groove in each
one of these and glue a piece of Holly
in there and then send it down so i will
get to that all right now i have the
grooves cut out and what i did is i just
i already had some pieces made this one
was one of them total of the sea
45 of them now and my next step will be
putting that piece of Kali inside of it
and what I did also is I took it for my
length I matched this piece up I put my
fence on this side of the table and then
ran my guide to make them even and
because of the angle that I cut I
squared it up the piece to year and then
I fixed my fence or my guide to push it
through so the next step will be putting
piece of holly inside those grooves
right there and I'll show you how I do
that it's kind of like inlay but it's I
use a hammer and some glue so here we go
my stand isn't cooperating with me so I
am going to just hold it and at the same
time I'm going to put a little bit more
glue back in here
and
get my piece of Holly bear with me
because I'm trying to do this and hold
the camera at the same time put my block
on there
mmm that piece of Holly will let it dry
and I'll do the rest of them just like
that and when it dries i'll send it be
able to sand down the edges and make it
flat so it will look like this piece
right here
alright i buy pieces inlaid so and what
i will do once they're dry because they
glued in I'll clip off the ends and then
sand it and then I'll add it to the rest
of the table and the rest of it is like
that so ill add up probably
theoretically let's see you'll probably
add about about that much more to this
table so I'm real interested in getting
this done and to be continued